one more time
one more
and Queen bark of the hard rock trolls
I'm here to take your string bro we lose
our string we lose our music I'm gonna
unite the six strings and destroy all
music except for one
I can't believe another queen would use
her power for evil these other trolls
aren't like us they dance differently
[Music]
they sing different if Barb collects all
the strings our music will be destroyed
forever we're gonna need a battle plan
and weapons violence never solves a
problem branch oak
how are we gonna hug our way out of this
one I will protect you no matter what i
pinky promise you can't go back on a
pinky
Oh pinkie promise
we need to go undercover but how with
question
only rock trolls are allowed back yeah
we are genuine hard rock earth oh geez
cool
a smooth jazz
paralyzed
[Music]
you